h1. Overview

h2. System

Bus Plus is a ride sharing logistics management system, designed to support 
the local transportation needs of passengers by coordinating essential 
information between passengers and drivers. 

Passengers submit point-to-point travel requests to a central dispatch service.
Requests are matched to nearby vehicles. Dispatch sends a bid request to each
vehicle. Vehicles compute the impact of adding the passenger to their manifest
and submit bids representing this value. After a short time, dispatch chooses 
a bid (not necessarily lowest bid) and assigns the passenger to the given 
vehicle. Once assigned, the passenger and driver both receive a notification 
via iOS device. The only human interaction is the passenger data entry and the 
final notification. There is no interaction required by the driver at all.

h2. Passenger App

This app, called Bus Plus, is a passenger interface to the Bus Plus API, which 
coordinates between passengers and drivers to meet the collective need.

Use cases are intentionally limited to the minimum required to achieve the 
goals. They are described in more detail below.

h1. Use Cases

h2. Configure and Submit Request

- Passenger can select destination by address
- Passenger can select destination by map pin
- Passenger can select destination by point of interest (POI)
- Passenger can select immediate pickup
- Passenger can select pickup time in the future
- Passenger can submit travel request, consisting of pickup time and destination
- Passenger can not submit a request while waiting for pending request

h2. Pending Request

- Passenger can see time stamp when request was submitted
- Passenger can cancel pending request

h2. Request Assigned

- Passenger can see estimated pickup time
- Passenger shall receive APNs sound/message notification when vehicle is 5mins away
- Passenger shall receive APNs sound/message notification when vehicle arrives
